feature: rework audit section as verify data (#52)
tributech-solutions/tributech-dsk-docs: docs/verify_data/manual_audit.md

---
title: Manual Audit
sidebar_position: 3
---

> For streams that continuously produce data it would be quite hard to manually re-trigger validation for all proofs, for this use-case we can utilize the "Manual Audit" section. You can find it by navigation to it using the tab control in the Data audit section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For streams that continuously produce data it would be quite hard to manually re-trigger validation for all proofs, so for this use-case we can utilize the "Manual Audit" section. You can navigate to it by using the tab control in the Data audit section.
```
